OK so we need to make this redux state a little bit more dynamic.
So I'm going to go back I'm going to just go back some some things because we're not going to need them.
We're going to do it on a different way.
We're going to do some refactoring.
So I'm going to delete this card detail call from here.
We're going to delete all the card detail and leave everything in sight card so we can store everything
inside cars are going to go to the source and the lead card detail goodbye card detail.
We don't need to any more.
Goodbye.
OK.
So OK that's fine.
So now we will need to do something in order to mutate this estate.
You're right now using an array.
So we need to use something else.
We are going to use an object so whenever the application loads this it's going to be equal to an object
that's good.
That's the first thing we need to do.
Now I'm going to I'm going to change this and I'm going to get some errors right.
Love just like here cars map.
It's not a function.
Now right here instead of returning the actual payload we need to return something else.
We need to return an object.
So I'm going to re delete the action that payload and I get to return an object just like that.
Now whenever we return this the problem is that we have a previous state.
Now right here there's nothing we know that there is nothing but maybe in the future or in a different
application you can have a state with some default data.
Let's say that you have Konst and state and this inside this estate you can have a name it or whatever
then you're going to have I don't know a last name just like that.
Just last name whatever.
And then you can have a list which is going to be our list of course that at the beginning is going
to start as empty just an empty an empty list.
Very good.
So the application is going to start.
It's going to create the state is going to do all the logic logical store the names toward the last
name then whenever we click on a car is going to go through the reducers and it will trigger the search
cars.
Now the thing is that if we return the state only with the payload is going to delete pretty much the
whole information because we're saying OK now the state is going to be equal to the list if i do list
and then action that payload we're going to have a problem.
We say that the state is only list action that payload.
So we need to do something else to modify the state of list.
But to keep everything else that we had in the state previously.
So what we do is going to be dot dot dot.
And we do a state and then coma.
And this is not redux and it's not react this it's ESX.
So privacy we are including everything that was on the previous state and then we just modified the
list or we add a list if it doesn't exist.
OK.
So this one should be working now I'm going to go and right now we get karst map.
It's not a function it's because inside a list of cars we're calling to something that doesn't exist
anymore.
We changed it.
Now instead of looking inside of cars we need to look inside cars that list.
So I want to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to change some things.
I'm going to just cancel this before just cancel right now right here.
I have the console log of the map state prompts and I'm going to just look for forward.
And if you notice right here just let me show you I'm going to make this bigger.
If I open the screen a little bit you can see right here that we have a car.
This is the pre-state and right here inside we have an object of course.
All right.
And inside of course it's empty.
If I search for four
right here you can have cars that cars and a list.
So we have our list of course.
And if we look for something else inside the reducers we're going to put it after this.
We're going to do that in a minute.
So OK so we too we have access to cars and list and we have a list of course.
So right here pretty much we don't have to do much right here.
This one is going to stay the same.
But right here we are making reference to this that prompts.
So what are you going to do.
I'm going to just change it to this.
The probs the cars so we can access this cars.
They go back there you go.
So now on the map since you have access to this that prompts that cars instead of accessing to cars
we need to access the list.
You can go right here and say list and if we have a list you can loop and map that list.
OK.
So everything starts at zero.
We have an empty object.
And if I look for Fort Bliss to Fort the list of course directly from the object right here.
So this is working.
Now what we need to do we need to do pretty much the same thing with the car detail.
Let's go to the next section and do that.
It's going to be real simple.